Martin City: Getting the most of life.

Welcome in Martin City, on the dark side of the world. This is a variant of the Czech expansion.

New card mechanics:

Some characters and cards allow you to exceed the maximum number of life points. In the case of a loss of life above the maximum, this life can not be refilled with any card except a few cases (another Elixir, Dan Quake, Jim Longlife).

Cards with gray border

A new type of card with a gray border has been added. These cards can be played similar to blue or green cards, but they go after a round of their owner, and can be used or take effect only during this time. After this, they will be automatically discarded. 

Have fun!

Gray Playing Cards:

1. Adrenaline

You can draw two excess cards in this turn.

2. Medicines

You can heal two health points (to the maximum).

3. Steroid

You can play any card as MISSED!.

4. Drugs

You can play any number of BANG! cards.

5. Headache

Playable to any player. Your ability does not work. It's not fully implemented.

6. Morphine

The player can not be eliminated.

7. Shock

Playable to any player. You can't play any card in front of you, but others can. This will not catch the card Dynamite.

8. Weakness

Playable to any player. You lose 1 life if you play more than 1 card in your turn.

Brown playing cards:

1. Elixir

It works like BEER. It also has the effect of playing 2 players and increases life beyond its maximum.

2. Explosion

All players, starting with you and going in the clockwise direction, will lose one life.

3. First aid kit

Add 1 life and draw 1 card from the deck.

4. Finishing Hit

An undefendable BANG!. You can bang it to anyone you can see.

5. Hitman

Target player should discard BANG! card or loses 1 life point.

6. Dirty work

You are returning to play 1 deactivated player with full life. The recovered player pulls a random character and plays old role.

7. Killer

Any player should throw away the BANG! to stop the Killer, otherwise they lose a life point. Please don't make it to a diamonds card, because of Apache Kid and Peace pipe of Gold Rush.

8. Thief

You can replace any card in game inf front any players to another players.

9. Thunder

You can move the card from any player to any other player.

Blue Playing Cards:

1. Vest

You can use it to defend a life point.

2. Stunning

If you have it plaed in front of you, then you can BANG! an another player who you can see to steal his or her ability for a turn. It's not fully implemented.

3. Cowboy pocket

Increases the maximum number of cards on the hand by 2.

4. Gold watch

You can draw a card in addition in every turn.

5. Inflammatory bottle

Put in front of any player. The player on each round will lose 1 life and decides to play one of the first 2 phases (phase 1 or 2) of his move. If one phase (1 or 2) is skipped, this card is discarded. = Rolls on the floor and extinguishes the flame.

6. Bleeding injury

Put in front of any player. It reduces the maximum number of lives by 1 to the player. When the card is dropped, the number of lives will be the old one.

Characters:

Ernest Saliven (4 life points): Once per round, he can replace the card with a blue border from his hand behind the top card on the deck.

Ernest Saliven (4 life points): Once per round in his turn, he may trade his blue border card in hand with top card on the deck.

Lady Burboun (4 life points): In her turn, she can play a BEER card to any player making him drunk to end of next turn. Drunken player lose his ability until end his next turn. Not fully implemented.

Crazy Bear (4 life points): Against his BANG! it is necessary to use as many VEDLE !, how many injuries it has, at least 1.

Tomy Lee Ghost (4 life points): He remains in game as ghost after losing his all life points for two rounds, but he can save his life during this time by drinking Beer.

White Wolf (4 life points): Once during his turn, he can send his wolf against a player who can see by playing a BANG! card. The challenged player should drop the BANG! Card, otherwise he will lose 1 life. This Bang! is counted as his Bang! in the turn.

Charles Boggen (4 life points): Cards with BANG effect! other than BANG! don't have any effect against him.

Sergeant O Reilly (4 life points): He is immune to cards and abilities with a negative effect on several players, except of Brawl. (Gatling, Howitzer,  ...).

Jim Scarecrow (4 life poins): In turn, he may play PANIC! or CAT BALOU to any player. This player loses his ability to end of his next turn. Not fully implemented.

Billy Longlife (4 life points): No limit to the maximum number of life points. His card limit is always a maximum of 5.

Antony Carma (4 life points): Always if someone plays a card with a negative effect on Antony except BANG! cards, "draws!": If it is of clubs suit, Antony is immune to the card.
    
Dan Quake (4 life points): It may exceed the maximum number of lives. If his life exceeded his maximum, in each of his phases 1 he shows the first card: If it's of spade suit, he loses one life point. Addition: Lives life even if it shows the first card (if its life is exceeded).
    
Ron Robber (4 life points): May Play Panic Card! like the Cat Balou card and vice versa.
    
Samuel Diehard (4 life points): If any card drawen in his first phase is of hearts suit, he gets a life point.

Jonath Hexx (4 life points): Once per turn, he can return to life any eliminated player for one his turn by discarding any blue border card.
